Increase DJL version to 0.20.0 for android (#2198)
deepjavalibrary/djl: android/pytorch-native/README.md

./gradlew pTML
```

> `ai.djl.android:pytorch-native:0.20.0-SNAPSHOT` will be published to mavenLocal (your local ~/.m2 folder) if you ran `./gradlew pTML`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ai.djl.android:pytorch-native:0.XX.X-SNAPSHOT` will be published to mavenLocal (your local ~/.m2 folder) if you ran `./gradlew pTML`
```
